Thus far we're creating components with vue component here,
this means in our app we're using it with the selector and we're adding them. Now if I create a second
app and therefore I create a second vue instance down there, app2.
Now if I hit enter,
well we see it four times because our second app here also now uses the same component.
What if we wanted to register different components globally and locally?
So we want to use the same selector maybe but use it or use different components in the end,
we can do this. To do this,
I'll do a little change here,
I don't call vue component which registers it globally, instead
now I want to store this as a variable. So to do so,
I will say var component equals
and now this equal is just the object configuring the component, so the selector is gone.
Now in my vue instance, I can now execute or I can add a new property components which basically tells
this instance which local components do you have? So components only usable in this instance here.
Well and here, I want to set up my selector, this is  now completely freely choosable by myself, my component
for example
and I will refer to my component data variable up there.
Now I set up a local component and if I hit control enter therefore, the app breaks which happens because
I need to remove this unnecessary parentheses here coming from the component function but if I now
hit enter again,
we only see the server status in the first app because in the second where I also use my component,
it's not registered.
We only registered it here on the first vue instance with the component property, on the second we don't
have that,
so my component is not recognized there.
And this is how we can register it locally,
we could now also register it on the second one, also use a different selector there by simply setting
up a different selector
but if you want to do that, this is how to do it, if you want to use a global component instead,
well then you need vue component, this method where you have your selector first, my component and then
your component object.
These are the two different ways of registering it globally with vue component or locally with the components
property in a vue instance.
And with that, now it's really time to leave
JSFiddle and work on these single file templates I explained before to see how we can use them in conjunction
with components. See you there.